fix: apply coords-as-truth rule to mask in add_variables/add_constraints (#725)
PyPSA/linopy: doc/release_notes.rst

**Bug Fixes**

* ``Model.add_variables``: 0.7.0 made ``coords`` (dims, order, and values) the source of truth for ``DataArray`` bounds; this release closes the two remaining gaps. Pandas ``Series`` / ``DataFrame`` bounds missing a dimension are broadcast to ``coords`` instead of being silently dropped (`#709 <https://github.com/PyPSA/linopy/issues/709>`__), and the variable's dimension order always follows ``coords`` regardless of bound type (`#706 <https://github.com/PyPSA/linopy/issues/706>`__).

> * ``add_variables`` / ``add_constraints``: the same rule now applies to ``mask`` — pandas ``Series`` / ``DataFrame`` masks missing a dimension are broadcast to the variable/constraint shape. As previously announced via ``FutureWarning``, masks whose coordinates are a sparse subset of the data's coordinates now raise ``ValueError`` rather than silently filling missing entries with ``False``; masks with dimensions not in the data raise ``ValueError`` instead of ``AssertionError``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``add_variables`` / ``add_constraints``: using `coords` as the source of truth now applies to ``mask``s too — pandas ``Series`` / ``DataFrame`` masks missing a dimension are broadcast to the variable/constraint shape. As previously announced via ``FutureWarning``, masks whose coordinates are a sparse subset of the data's coordinates now raise ``ValueError`` rather than silently filling missing entries with ``False``; masks with dimensions not in the data raise ``ValueError`` instead of ``AssertionError``.
```
